[Music]
for those of you wondering about this
here's the reason why your dog follows
you into the bathroom now any dog lover
knows one rock-solid truth a pup in your
life is one of the best things a person
can experience a dog's love is
undemanding and selfless and they find
numerous ways to express this love if
you learn to recognize some of your
dog's quirks for what they are you'll
start to understand your pet even better
and one of the main things dog owners
often ask is why does my dog follow me
into the bathroom in fact there are
several reasons for this behavior and
will tell you about every single one but
first hit the red subscription button
now you'll get access to hundreds of
amazing videos that are waiting for you
on the bright side of life
remember to ring the notification bell
as well so you won't miss our daily
updates now if you're a happy dog owner
you're most likely familiar with this
little whim of your beloved pet whenever
you visit the bathroom your dog comes
right in behind you if you've always
thought that your pet just wants to spy
on you and compromise your privacy think
again
first and foremost you shouldn't forget
that dogs are pack animals that's why
they feel unhappy and vulnerable when
they suddenly find themselves alone if
you're at home your doggie doesn't want
to lose time that can be otherwise spent
with you the notion of a lone time
doesn't exist for dogs when dogs are in
a pack they constantly interact with
others they eat play hunt or patrol
together that's why they can't
understand that you might want some time
for yourself in fact your pet believes
that they're doing you a favor by
keeping you company in the bathroom in
addition they deliberately position
themselves as close to you as possible
in case you need something
the next possible reason for this
behavior is that your dog may be
protecting you the chances are high that
your dog follows you to the bathroom to
make sure you're safe while you're busy
with whatever you need to do in there
you can't defend yourself if it becomes
necessary but don't worry in case of an
attack your fluffy friend will briefly
step in as your bodyguard well there's
one more explanation for your dog's
little quirk but it's not as altruistic
as the previous ones your dog might
simply be curious after all it's their
house and when something is happening in
it they have to be part of the process
on top of that most dogs lack excitement
in their lives they might be a little
bored while you're away at work that's
why when some unusual activity happens
for example an entertaining bathroom
trip the dog wants to be a part of it
does this mean that you'll never be able
to have solo bathroom time again well
such a probability exists unless you
learn to distract your dog to win some
precious time alone one of the best
distractions can be an enrichment toy
since we'll take your pet time to figure
it out as a result your dog is happy and
you are having because nobody is banging
on your bathroom door
however sharing your bathroom trips
isn't the only mysterious thing that
your pooch does here are several other
cute habits most dogs have as well as
explanations for what these habits me
your dog gives you puppy eyes if we're
speaking about humans when someone gives
you their best puppy-dog eyes they most
likely want something from you but if
it's your pup that's melting your heart
with this expression
the reason is completely different when
giving you puppy eyes your pet is trying
to show you that they love you to the
moon and back you should treasure it
because it's a sign that your dog trusts
and adores you your dog brings you small
gifts well they're not really gifts your
pup just brings you little some things
that can fit in their mouths most often
these tributes are shoes or toys now you
may get confused you aren't playing
fetch but your dog comes up to you and
drops an object at your feet do they
want to play surprisingly no your pup
gives you a gift to make their most
favorite person in the world that's you
pleased and happy
your dog leans on you dogs are just like
people they love cuddles as much as many
of us do or maybe even more some dogs
are bigger leaner than others if you're
the owner of such a dog you know how it
feels your dog comes up to you and rest
their weight against your side you
should know that by doing so your pup is
asking you for more kisses and hugs at
this moment they need to feel love and
safety so don't hesitate to cuddle your
fluffy friend your dog realizes when
you're sad after centuries of living
together people and dogs have developed
a perfect partnership that's why it's
not surprising that your dog can tell
when you're sad or feeling unwell
you can't hide your emotions from these
intuitive creatures they detect your
unhappiness both from your body language
and from the way you smell as soon as
they realize something is wrong with
their favorite human again you they do
everything possible to comfort you and
make you smile again your dog licks your
face or feet this habit isn't to
everyone's liking but if you are the
parent of a pup you just have to deal
with their sloppy kisses most often your
dog licks your face or your feet if your
pooch chooses your face for their wet
doggy kisses they're just showing how
good you make them feel that's just one
of the many ways your pet shows you
their unconditional love in addition by
licking your face your dog demonstrates
that they understand that you're the
dominant partner in this relationship as
for licking your feet this is how your
pet releases their doggy stress and if
your dog licks your kids this is how she
shows her maternal off she believes that
the kids are her puppies as well
your dog snoozes in your realm you might
have hard times leaving your poor lonely
pooch home alone but wait don't feel too
guilty the chances are high that your
pet has already snuggled up on your side
of the bed and is having a wonderful
afternoon snowed in this way your dog
feels that you're nearby even when
you're away this makes them feel safe
cozy and fuzzy your dog freaks out when
you come home when you return home even
if you only left 10 minutes earlier to
buy bread your dog behaves as if they
hadn't hope to ever see you again as a
result you have a crazed ball of fluff
running around the house
jumping licking and nuzzling you the
reason for this / excitement is a dog's
inability to express their emotions with
words these animals feel friendship and
happiness just like people do
unfortunately they can't just hug you
and say I've missed you so much and I
thought you'd abandoned me instead they
show their happiness by rushing around
and crashing against everything in their
way your dog is an after meal cuddler if
you haven't been around dogs you must
know that you shouldn't disturb a dog
when it's eating they can behave rather
aggressively because they will
instinctively think that you're planning
to steal their food but if your dog
chooses to snuggle with you after a meal
well that's the best compliment you can
get from your pet this means they're
absolutely relaxed and comfortable
around you such Trust is worth a lot
your dog winks and squints at you it's a
proven fact that dogs automatically
mimic humans if your dog winks at you
check to see if you're doing the same
thing as for squinting this is how your
doggy tries to get your attention they
may want a cuddle or play in any case
dogs often use their eyes to show that
they need something
your dog paws at you when your dog comes
up to you and raises one paw they want
to show you that they need something
from him when they paw at you they
become the focus of your attention and
they use it to their advantage maybe
your pet wants to play or maybe they're
hungry
whatever the case this is one of their
ways of telling you that they want
something are you a happy dog owner does
your pet have any of the habits and cute
quirks we've spoken about in this video
tell us in the comments below and
remember to press the like button if you
love dogs as much as we do see you next
time
[Music]